Pick up a big red block. 
Grasp the pyramid. 
Find a block which is taller than the one you are holding and put it into the box. 
What does the box contain? 
What is the pyramid supported by? 
How many blocks are not in the box? 
Is at least one of them narrower than the one which I told you to pick up? 
Is it supported? 
Can the table pick up blocks? 
Can a pyramid be supported by a block? 
Can a pyramid support a pyramid? 
Stack up two pyramids. 
Will you please stack up both of the red blocks and either a green cube or a pyramid? 
Which cube is sitting on the table? 
Is there a large block behind a pyramid? 
Put a small one onto the green cube which supports a pyramid. 
Put the littlest pyramid on top of it. 
Does the shortest thing the tallest pyramid's support supports support anything green? 
What color is it? 
How many things are on top of green cubes? 
Had you touched any pyramid before you put the green one on the little cube? 
When did you pick it up? 
Why did you do that? 
Why did you clear off that cube? 
How did you do it? 
How many objects did you touch while you were doing it? 
What did the red cube support before you started to clean it off? 
There were five blocks to the left of the box then. 
Put the blue pyramid on the block in the box. 
Is there anything which is bigger than every pyramid but is not as wide as the thing that supports it? 
Does a steeple contain green cubes
a "steeple" is a stack which contains two green cubes and a pyramid. 
Are there any steeples now? 
Build one. 
Call the biggest block "superblock". 
Have you picked superblock up since we began? 
Why did you drop it? 
Is there anything to the right of the red pyramid? 
Pick up a block.
What are you holding?
Put it beside the pyramid.
Where is the red block?
What is it on?
Is the big pyramid green?
What shape is the big red thing?
Can you put a block on a pyramid?
How many blocks can you pick up?
What is on the green cube?
Are there any more?
Which is taller, the red cube or the green one?
Can a table support a pyramid?
Can a cube roll off the table?
Would a cube roll off the top of a pyramid?
Can you put a pyramid on the side of a cube?
Put everything in the box.
Drop everything.
Find an object on a red cube.
What is it?
How big is it?
Is the top of the red cube clear?
Where are all the cubes?
Tell me what you are holding.
Could you please pick something up?
Now put it on the table.
Clear an area on the left of the table.
What did you have to move to do that?
Is there any space left anywhere?
Can you find room on the left of the table for two blocks and a pyramid?
Roll the pyramid to the left.
Can pyramids roll?
If you put one block on another, can you then pick up the latter?
Why not?
What about the former?
Will you put the pyramid on its side?
Now drop a cube on it.
Where did the cube go?
What blocks are red and next to the pyramid?
Which blocks are taller than any pyramid?
Have you ever seen a blue pyramid?
What did you do last?
Put the red cube under the green pyramid.
Don't ever touch the green cube.
Make me a steeple.
Where would you put the red block if you had to move the green one?
Move the green block.
Did you put the red block where you said you would?
Where did I tell you to move the green block?
Try to find all blocks colored red or blue.
Move them to the front of the table.
Move the rest to the back.
If you build a steeple, where do you start?
Why?
Can a steeple have four blocks?
Assume that there is another block on the table.
How do you know?
How can you tell?
Who said it was red?
Take either a red block or a green one and put it on a blue one.
Were you aware that the green block is in the box?
I want you to bring me a cube.
Any one.
Go find a block under a pyramid.
Find the second last block I asked you to move and pick it up.
What is that block's color?
The one you are holding.
Is the taller green cube taller than the tallest pyramid?
Turn over a red cube.
Turn the pyramid round so I can see its back.
Does every cube have every face the same?
Is there a cube not all of whose faces are the same?
Can you find a cube with one face taller than the others?
I have just put a cube on the table.
How many colors does that cube have?
How many pairs of opposite faces have the same color?
Are you sure?
Is that cube red?
Call it Bert.
Does Bert have any neighbors?
Does Bert like any of his neighbors?
Bert likes only yellow cubes, or cubes with some yellow in them.
Does Bert like himself?
Move most cubes to the back, leaving just one or two little cubes at the front.
How many did you leave?
How do you build a steeple?
How would you begin to dismantle a steeple?
How did you work that out?
When dismantling a steeple, when would you move the bottom block?
Is there always room to put down a block you are holding?
What is the blue pyramid supported by?
Put a small cube and a pyramid on the large red cube and the large green cube respectively.
Are any red blocks resting on the table?
Find the seventh tallest cube.
In order to build an arch, you need a bar.
If there is too much on that block to move it, clear it off.
Thank you.
